DevTools 101 > Recorder > Export and import user flows (#2605)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/devtools/recorder/index.md

6. [Replay](#replay) the flow now to see the changes.

## Share user flows {: #share-flows }

You can export and import user flows. This is useful for bug reporting because you can share an exact record of the steps that reproduce a bug.

### Export a user flow {: #export-flows }

To export a user flow:

1. Open the user flow you want to export.
2. Click on the **Export**<span class="material-icons">file_download</span> button at the top of the **Recorder** panel.
    {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/LJJqpZ0vOEdp6rdDLXmP.png", alt="Download format options", width="800", height="490" %}
 1. Select one of the following formats from the dropdown list:
    - **Export as a JSON file**. Download the recording as a JSON file.
    - **Export as a @puppeteer/replay script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) script.
    - **Export as a Puppeteer script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) script.
1. Save the file.

> In the Puppeteer Replay script, the steps remain a JSON object and the file is smaller. You can replay this script with the new Puppeteer Replay library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside 
[@puppeteer/replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) is a library built on top of the [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). It is also a command line tools, you can replay JSON file with it too.

When exporting as a @puppeteer/replay script, the steps remain a JSON object (unlike exporting as a Puppeteer script, the steps are converted into JavaScript). The script is therefore shorter.

When to use what? Provide suggestion maybe?
```

> The regular Puppeteer script is entirely in JavaScript and you can replay it with the regular Puppeteer library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

6. [Replay](#replay) the flow now to see the changes.

## Share user flows {: #share-flows }

You can export and import user flows. This is useful for bug reporting because you can share an exact record of the steps that reproduce a bug.

### Export a user flow {: #export-flows }

To export a user flow:

1. Open the user flow you want to export.
2. Click on the **Export**<span class="material-icons">file_download</span> button at the top of the **Recorder** panel.
    {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/LJJqpZ0vOEdp6rdDLXmP.png", alt="Download format options", width="800", height="490" %}
 1. Select one of the following formats from the dropdown list:
    - **Export as a JSON file**. Download the recording as a JSON file.
    - **Export as a @puppeteer/replay script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) script.
    - **Export as a Puppeteer script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) script.
1. Save the file.

{% Aside 'gotchas' %}

> The [@puppeteer/replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) is a library built on top of [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). It is also a command line tool, so you can replay JSON files with it too.

Reviewer: @mathiasbynens @OrKoN the mention is here. PTAL. Once the doc is in, we will update the WNDT 101 link to point to this section

Reviewer 2: Ack, thanks!

I think what’s missing from this explanation is that it can be used not just to replay, but also to “stringify” user flow JSON files, i.e. convert them to something else. We should also mention that tooling authors can build their own replay/stringify integrations on top of this library. @OrKoN

> The [@puppeteer/replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) is a library built on top of [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). It is also a command line tool, so you can replay JSON files with it too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [@puppeteer/replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) is a library built on top of [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). It is also a command line tool, so you can replay JSON files with it too.

**Advance use cases**

Apart from that, you can build your own library on top of the Puppeteer Replay library to replay or "stringify" the user flow JSON files (i.e. convert them to something else).

For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library that  built on top the Puppeteer Replay. It converts user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.

Learn more about [stringify](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay#stringify-a-recording-as-a-puppeteer-script).

```

{% endAside %}

You can do the following with each export option:

- **JSON**. Edit the human-readable JSON object and [import](#import-flows) the JSON file back to the **Recorder**.

> - **@puppeteer/replay**. Replay the script with the [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) library. Additionally, you can still edit the script because the steps remain a JSON object. The script is shorter as a result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **@puppeteer/replay**. Replay the script with the [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) library. When exporting as a Puppeteer reply script, the steps remain a JSON object. This option is perfect if you want to integrate with your [CI/CD pipeline](Not sure should include any link or full sentence) but want to have flexibility to still edit the steps as JSON, and potentially convert and import it back into the Recorder panel. 
```

> - **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). In this script, the steps are in JavaScript and you can't import them back into the **Recorder**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). Since the steps are converted to JavaScript, it allow you to have more fine-grained customization (e.g. export to pdf, integration with Lighthouse, etc). One caveat, you can't import them back into the **Recorder**. 
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.
FYI:
- e.g. -> for example. See "e.g." in the [style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-e)
- Don't use parentheses if you can avoid it. See [style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/parentheses)

   {% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/zeK91O21jvc5OD9HuovR.png", alt="The new step for coffee checkout has been updated with the aforementioned details.", width="800", height="663" %}
6. [Replay](#replay) the flow now to see the changes.

## Share user flows {: #share-flows }

You can export and import user flows. This is useful for bug reporting because you can share an exact record of the steps that reproduce a bug.

### Export a user flow {: #export-flows }

To export a user flow:

1. Open the user flow you want to export.
2. Click on the **Export**<span class="material-icons">file_download</span> button at the top of the **Recorder** panel.
    {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/LJJqpZ0vOEdp6rdDLXmP.png", alt="Download format options", width="800", height="490" %}
 1. Select one of the following formats from the dropdown list:
    - **Export as a JSON file**. Download the recording as a JSON file.

>     - **Export as a @puppeteer/replay script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) script. In this script, the steps remain a JSON object and the file is smaller. You can replay this script with the new Puppeteer replay library.

Reviewer: I think the explanation of the differences between Puppeteer replay and Puppeteer should come later after explaining the export options.

    - **Export as a Puppeteer script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) script. This script is entirely in JavaScript and you can replay it with the regular Puppeteer library.
1. Save the file.

> To replay the exported recording depending on its format:

Reviewer: I think we can remove this part here.

## Share user flows {: #share-flows }

You can export and import user flows. This is useful for bug reporting because you can share an exact record of the steps that reproduce a bug.

### Export a user flow {: #export-flows }

To export a user flow:

1. Open the user flow you want to export.
2. Click on the **Export**<span class="material-icons">file_download</span> button at the top of the **Recorder** panel.
    {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/LJJqpZ0vOEdp6rdDLXmP.png", alt="Download format options", width="800", height="490" %}
 1. Select one of the following formats from the dropdown list:
    - **Export as a JSON file**. Download the recording as a JSON file.
    - **Export as a @puppeteer/replay script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) script.
    - **Export as a Puppeteer script**. Download the recording as a [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) script.
1. Save the file.

{% Aside 'gotchas' %}
The [@puppeteer/replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) is a library built on top of [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). It is also a command line tool, so you can replay JSON files with it too.

> **Advance use cases**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Advance use case: Integrate with the Puppeteer Replay library**
```

> Apart from that, you can build your own library on top of the Puppeteer Replay library to replay or "stringify" the user flow JSON files (i.e. convert them to something else).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build your own library on top of the Puppeteer Replay library to replay or "stringify" the user flow JSON files (i.e. convert them to something else).
```

> For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library that  built on top the Puppeteer Replay. It converts user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library that built on top the Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to converts user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.
```

> For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library built on top of Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to convert user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library built on top of Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to convert user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts. Watch this [demo](https://youtu.be/4qYs2bMz4GI) to see it in action.
```

> For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library that built on top the Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to converts user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library that built on top the Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to convert user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.
```

> Learn more about [stringify](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay#stringify-a-recording-as-a-puppeteer-script).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the [stringify feature in Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay#stringify-a-recording-as-a-puppeteer-script).
```

{% endAside %}

You can do the following with each export option:

> - **JSON**. Edit the human-readable JSON object and [import](#import-flows) the JSON file back to the **Recorder**.

Reviewer 3: Is it duplicating the previous list explaining the options?

Reviewer: The JSON part is duplicate, but the whole export option section isn't

> - **@puppeteer/replay**. Replay the script with the [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) library. When exporting as a @puppeteer/replay script, the steps remain a JSON object. This option is perfect if you want to integrate with your CI/CD pipeline but still have the flexibility to edit the steps as JSON and import them back into the **Recorder**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **@puppeteer/replay**. Replay the script with the [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) library. When exporting as a @puppeteer/replay script, the steps remain a JSON object. This option is perfect if you want to integrate with your CI/CD pipeline but still have the flexibility to edit the steps as JSON, later convert and import them back into the **Recorder**.
```

> - **@puppeteer/replay**. Replay the script with the [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) library. When exporting as a Puppeteer reply script, the steps remain a JSON object. This option is perfect if you want to integrate with your CI/CD pipeline but still have the flexibility to edit the steps as JSON and import them back into the **Recorder**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **@puppeteer/replay**. Replay the script with the [Puppeteer Replay](https://github.com/puppeteer/replay) library. When exporting as a Puppeteer replay script, the steps remain a JSON object. This option is perfect if you want to integrate with your CI/CD pipeline but still have the flexibility to edit the steps as JSON and import them back into the **Recorder**.
```

> - **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). Since the steps are converted into JavaScript, you can have more fine-grained customization, for example, looping the steps**. One caveat, you can't import this script back into the **Recorder**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). Since the steps are converted into JavaScript, you can have more fine-grained customization, for example, looping the steps. One caveat, you can't import this script back into the **Recorder**.
```

> - **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). Since the steps are converted into JavaScript, you can have more fine-grained customization, for example, export to PDF or integrate with Lighthouse. One caveat, you can't import this script back into the **Recorder**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). Since the steps are converted into JavaScript, you can have more fine-grained customization, for example, looping the steps**.
```

> - **Puppeteer** script. Replay the script with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/). Since the steps are converted into JavaScript, you can have more fine-grained customization, for example, export to PDF or integrate with Lighthouse. One caveat, you can't import this script back into the **Recorder**.

Reviewer 3: one can do the same with the replay lib too :)

Reviewer 3: I mean `I mean export to PDF or integrate with Lighthouse` but perhaps not other customisations such as loops or composition (not yet at least)

You can build your own library on top of the Puppeteer Replay library to replay or "stringify" the user flow JSON files (i.e. convert them to something else).

> For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library that built on top the Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to convert user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, [@cypress/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-chrome-recorder) is a library built on top of Puppeteer Replay. You can use it to convert user flow JSON files to Cypress test scripts.
```
